---
layout: post
title:  "SW Reflection"
date:   2019-12-16 13:15:00 -0500
categories: jekyll update
author: Spencer Thompson
---
I am not quite sure how to feel as this project comes to a close.  I have been working with my team on this project for so long, so the fact that it is ending is an odd feeling.   Part of me wishes that it did not have to come to an end; the nature of our project, creating a website, is something that requires constant maintenance and upkeep, so it is odd to have a true “finale” to this project.  That being said, looking back on this project, I think that my team has been quite successful.
Our community partner seemed to really value our punctuality, specificity, and ability to simplify.  When we first met with Ms. Crockett, she clarified for us that she was not tech-savvy in any way, so we knew that we were unable to “talk shop” as it were.  This is where our ability to simplify our language came in handy.  Concepts that would be foreign to someone with no technical experience we were able to convey with specificity.  Outside of that, we generally interacted with her in a timely manner.  When we set a meeting, we would arrive at least five minutes in advance so that we would not run into any issues.  Though our project does not have a direct influence socially, by sticking to these, we were able to help Child Care Aware reach more people within the area through the website.
I feel that the way that Child Care Aware interacts with the community is certainly an effective way of doing so.  Many lower-income families need somewhere to look after their children while they work but finding a location of a good daycare is troublesome.  By not only helping these parents reach daycares but also helping daycares through their library of lessons and toys is not only effective but necessary in today’s society.
Nothing about this project really challenged my beliefs, but some were confirmed.  My mom used to work as the Executive Director of the Children’s Advocacy Center of Arkansas.  Because of this, I would hear from my mom about the various issues that exist within Arkansas’ child care system, whether that be the adoption/foster system, education, and daycares.  Because of these previous experiences, I was well aware of the necessity of an organization like Child Care Aware.  I unfortunately have not had an experience with a class at Hendrix that shaped my view of the non-profit, save for the computer science classes I had previously that taught me what I needed to know to succeed.
This has really reshaped my view of the ways that non-profit groups can interact with the community.  I have had experiences with non-profits before, as I was a Boy Scout and worked with them often.  That being said, I had very little interaction with them outside of it.  By creating the website and seeing how each piece of the site interacted with each other, I got a better understanding of how a user who has no experience with tech would interact with the site.
